Docsp 30505 quick start pages (#13)
mongodb/docs-rust: source/quick-start/download-and-install.txt

.. _rust-quick-start-download-and-install:

====================
Download and Install
====================

.. procedure::
   :style: connected

   .. step:: Install Rust and Cargo

      Ensure you have Rust {+min-rust-version+} or later, and Cargo, the
      Rust package manager, installed in your development environment.

      For information on how to install Rust and Cargo, see
      the official Rust guide on `downloading and installing Rust <https://www.rust-lang.org/tools/install>`__.

   .. step:: Create a Project Directory

      In your shell, run the following command to create a 
      directory called ``rust_quickstart`` for this project:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cargo new rust_quickstart
      
      When this command successfully completes, you should have a ``Cargo.toml`` 
      file and a ``src`` directory with a ``main.rs`` file in your
      ``rust_quickstart`` directory.

      Run the following command to navigate into the project 
      directory:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cd rust_quickstart

   .. step:: Install the Rust Driver

>       Open the ``cargo.toml`` file in vim or the IDE of your choice and
>       under the ``[dependencies]`` line, write the following:
> 
>       .. code-block:: bash
> 
>          mongodb = "{+version+}"
>          bson = "2.6.1"

Reviewer: S: make this section more clear by just showing the entire dependencies block. Also, add a source constant for the bson version.

```suggestion
      Add the following crates to your project by including them in the 
      dependencies list located in your project's ``Cargo.toml`` file:
      
      - ``mongodb``, the {+driver-short+} crate
      - ``bson``, the MongoDB data representation crate
      
      The following code shows an example dependencies list that includes the preceding crates:
      
      .. code-block:: bash
         
         [dependencies]
         mongodb = "{+version+}"
         bson = "{+bson-version+}"
```

      if you're planning on using the ``asynchronous`` API, add the
      following line to your ``cargo.toml`` file:

      .. code-block:: bash

         tokio = "1.29.1"

      This step performs the following action:

>       - Records the dependency information in the ``Cargo.toml`` file

Reviewer: S: Create tabs that show how to install both the async and sync crates, since the example code in the later steps also shows both. Here are resources that show how to install either:
- [async](https://mongodb.github.io/mongo-rust-driver/manual/installation_features.html#configuring-the-async-runtime)
- [sync](https://mongodb.github.io/mongo-rust-driver/manual/installation_features.html#enabling-the-sync-api)

>       - Records the dependency information in the ``Cargo.toml`` file

Reviewer: S: remove this, also, per the style guide, only use lists if there are 2 or more items

   .. step:: Create a Project Directory

      In your shell, run the following command to create a 
      directory called ``rust_quickstart`` for this project:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cargo new rust_quickstart
      
      When this command successfully completes, you should have a ``Cargo.toml`` 
      file and a ``src`` directory with a ``main.rs`` file in your
      ``rust_quickstart`` directory.

      Run the following command to navigate into the project 
      directory:

      .. code-block:: bash

         cd rust_quickstart

   .. step:: Install the Rust Driver

      Add the following crates to your project by including them in the 
      dependencies list located in your project's ``Cargo.toml`` file:
      
      - ``mongodb``, the {+driver-short+} crate
      - ``bson``, the MongoDB data representation crate
      - ``serde_json``, A JSON data representation crate
      
      The following code shows an example dependencies list that
      includes the preceding crates:

      .. tabs::

         .. tab:: Asynchronous API
            :tabid: asynchronous-api

            .. code-block:: bash

>                [dependencies]
>                mongodb = "{+version+}"
>                bson = "2.6.1"
>                serde_json = "1.0.104"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               [dependencies]
               bson = "2.6.1"
               serde_json = "1.0.104"
               
               [dependencies.mongodb]
               version = "{+version+}"
               default-features = false
               features = ["async-std-runtime"]
```

         
         .. tab:: Synchronous API
            :tabid: synchronous-api

            .. code-block:: bash
               
               [dependencies]
               bson = "2.6.1"
               serde_json = "1.0.104"

>                [dependencies.mongodb]
>                version = "2.1.0"
>                default-features = false
>                features = ["tokio-sync"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
               [dependencies.mongodb]
               version = "{+version+}"
               features = ["tokio-sync"]
```

> After you complete these steps, you should have Rust and Cargo installed 
> and a new project directory with the driver dependencies recorded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you complete these steps, you should have Rust and Cargo installed 
and a new Rust project with the necessary driver dependencies.
```
